README.md, before:

# Milestone-Project
/*This project is a webgame version of Skip-bo. Skip-bo is a card game that can be played between 2-6 players. 
In this version the two users play against each other. 
This game is similar to Soiltare as players lay cards onto a pile in an ascending order, but it is a race to see who can run out of cards first.

Rules of the game: 
Each player gets a deck of either 20 or 30 cards (depending how many players are playing). This deck is what they need to get rid of in order to become the winner of the game. 

In the center area of play, there are four BUILDING piles that will be created for all players to use during play. In addition, each player will have in front of them a DECK pile and up to 4 discard piles. (BUILDING piles and DISCARD piles are developed through play and in addition Skip-Bo cards are wild cards.)

How to play:

A player must have on hand 5 cards. If the player has a Skip-bo card or a number 1 card on top of their DECK pile or in their hand, they may use it to start a BUILDING pile in the center of the play area. They may continue by playing another card from either their DECK pile (or on hand) onto the BUILDING pile. If the player plays all of their 5 on hand cards that can draw again 5 cards until they have no more moves left. If the player cant make a play or just don't want to they must end their turn by putting a card in their DISCARD pile. 

On the players second turn they must draw enough cards to bring their hand back up to 5. Afterwards, they may add to the BUILDING pile by playing the top card from either the DECK pile, DISCARD pile or what they have on hand. However, the winner is determined based on which player plays all the cards from their DECK pile so its always best to try to use the DECK pile first. If there are no more cards to draw from players can reshuffle the deck from the completed building piles to become a new DRAW pile. 

Heres also a video showing how to play the game: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z-b_XTnMRck

About the Game creator and the inspiration behind this game:

The reason why I created a webgame version of Skip-bo is because this one of many card games my friends and I like to play on game night. Unlike other card games there was just more excitement playing Skip-bo as you need to strategically think about your moves in order to help get rid of your DECK pile while keeping in mind the cards you play on the center area can be used to the advantage of your opponent. I also think its a very unique and intersting game that separates itself from card games like uno. Skip-bo can also be played by keeping score however in this version and based on experience I preferred to create a skip-bo game that is a race to whoever can finish their DECK pile first. 

Citations/Resources:
https://skipborules.com/
https://www.wikihow.com/Play-Skip-Bo
https://unsplash.com/photos/a-man-riding-a-snowboard-down-the-side-of-a-snow-covered-slope-BtbjCFUvBXs
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTML_Drag_and_Drop_API
https://www.w3schools.com/jsref/event_ondrag.asp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_G8G1OrEOrI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7HUCAYMylCQ
*/

Commit message:

Updated Readme (forgot to cite a couple more sources that were used to help)

README.md, after:

# Milestone-Project
/*This project is a webgame version of Skip-bo. Skip-bo is a card game that can be played between 2-6 players. 
In this version the two users play against each other. 
This game is similar to Soiltare as players lay cards onto a pile in an ascending order, but it is a race to see who can run out of cards first.

Rules of the game: 
Each player gets a deck of either 20 or 30 cards (depending how many players are playing). This deck is what they need to get rid of in order to become the winner of the game. 

In the center area of play, there are four BUILDING piles that will be created for all players to use during play. In addition, each player will have in front of them a DECK pile and up to 4 discard piles. (BUILDING piles and DISCARD piles are developed through play and in addition Skip-Bo cards are wild cards.)

How to play:

A player must have on hand 5 cards. If the player has a Skip-bo card or a number 1 card on top of their DECK pile or in their hand, they may use it to start a BUILDING pile in the center of the play area. They may continue by playing another card from either their DECK pile (or on hand) onto the BUILDING pile. If the player plays all of their 5 on hand cards that can draw again 5 cards until they have no more moves left. If the player cant make a play or just don't want to they must end their turn by putting a card in their DISCARD pile. 

On the players second turn they must draw enough cards to bring their hand back up to 5. Afterwards, they may add to the BUILDING pile by playing the top card from either the DECK pile, DISCARD pile or what they have on hand. However, the winner is determined based on which player plays all the cards from their DECK pile so its always best to try to use the DECK pile first. If there are no more cards to draw from players can reshuffle the deck from the completed building piles to become a new DRAW pile. 

Heres also a video showing how to play the game: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z-b_XTnMRck

About the Game creator and the inspiration behind this game:

The reason why I created a webgame version of Skip-bo is because this one of many card games my friends and I like to play on game night. Unlike other card games there was just more excitement playing Skip-bo as you need to strategically think about your moves in order to help get rid of your DECK pile while keeping in mind the cards you play on the center area can be used to the advantage of your opponent. I also think its a very unique and intersting game that separates itself from card games like uno. Skip-bo can also be played by keeping score however in this version and based on experience I preferred to create a skip-bo game that is a race to whoever can finish their DECK pile first. 

Citations/Resources:
https://skipborules.com/
https://www.wikihow.com/Play-Skip-Bo
https://unsplash.com/photos/a-man-riding-a-snowboard-down-the-side-of-a-snow-covered-slope-BtbjCFUvBXs
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTML_Drag_and_Drop_API
https://www.w3schools.com/jsref/event_ondrag.asp
https://www.w3schools.com/jsref/jsref_splice.asp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_G8G1OrEOrI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7HUCAYMylCQ
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bj6lC93JMi0 
(Also used ChatGPT to help fix some of errors showing up throughout this process)
*/
